CHRIS: So, this Chaos Control
created a warp
in time and space,
and that's how you guys
ended up here.
Hmm, I think
I understand that much.
But I still don't understand
these Chaos Emeralds
you guys are talking about.
You've never heard
of the Chaos Emeralds?
Boy, you really do have
a lot to learn, don't ya?
Each Chaos Emerald is filled
with a magical power.
So can you imagine
what would happen
if you found all seven of them.
But no one has ever found
all seven emeralds,
and now it's highly improbable
that anyone ever will find them.
Why is that?
Well, you see, Cream,
every one of the precious
Chaos Emeralds has disappeared.
SONIC: That doesn't mean
they're gone for good.
Any time the seven
Chaos Emeralds come together
in one place,
they scatter and disappear
all over again.
Then that means they're all
still out there someplace.
That's right!
Only we don't have any way
of knowing where.
If they're on this planet,
that's good.
But if they're still on
the planet we came from,
we may never get home.
Listen, if the emeralds
are somewhere on this planet,
and if we can find some way
to locate them all,
maybe we'll be able
to reverse that time warp.
You guys will be back on your
home planet before you know it.
Right, Sonic?
Yeah, no worries.
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
And where are they?
It seems the hedgehog
and his friends
are staying with a family
in Station Square.
And our agents
have traced Eggman
to an island somewhere
in the Southern Sea.
Well, get going!
I want them captured!
With all due respect,
it might be best
to keep them under surveillance
so we can observe
their behavior.
That's all well and good,
but you had better pay
special attention
to that dangerous
Eggman character.
We've already sent out
a reconnaissance team,
Mr. President.
We'll be sure to report back
any suspicious activities.
Any word on the animals?
We have our operatives
watching them, too, sir,
and we're dispatching
an undercover agent
to get information on the boy.
If there's any unusual activity,
we'll know about it.
BO Y: Hey, kid,
50 cents for your sandwich.
I bet you that little
hedgehog thing is so fast,
they're never gonna get him.
I bet you're right.
Chris, you think they'll ever
catch that hedgehog?
Huh?
I don't know.
Children,
may I have your attention?
I'd like to make a brief
announcement to you all.
Your teacher Miss Westerly
will be taking
a leave of absence.
Therefore,
she will not be with you
for the remainder
of the semester.
- Hmm.
- Oh, wow!
Please say hello to Mr. Stewart,
who will be your substitute.
Hello, children.
CHILDREN:
Hello, Mr. Stewart.
He looks nice,
doesn't he, Chris?
[School bell rings]
Danny, come on, hurry up!
Okay.
I'll be there in a minute!
[Sighs]
Christopher Thorndyke?
The principal told me your name.
I was wondering if you were
the same Christopher Thorndyke
whose father is the CEO of
the Starship Software Company,
Nelson Thorndyke,
and whose mother is the famous
film actress Lindsey Fair.
Yeah, that's me.
I must say, Christopher,
it's a privilege to meet the son
of such distinguished parents.
Thanks.
That's very nice of you to say.
Good meeting you, Christopher.
Good to meet you, too.
By the way,
this might sound strange,
but do you have
a favorite animal?
Well...
Hedgehogs, I guess.
Ahh!
Is that weird?
No, not at all.
DANNY:
Hey, Chris!
Huh?
Sorry.
Let's go!
It was nice talking to ya,
Mr. Stewart.
See ya.
BOTH:
Aah!
[Beeping]
Hey, what's happening?
Aah!
Help!
Somebody help me!
I'm losing control!
ALL:
Whoa!
Look out!
I can't stop this thing!
Whoa!
Hey, are you all right?
I don't know.
All of a sudden,
the thing had a mind of its own.
Huh?
Hey, Chris,
what was Mr. Stewart talking to
you about in the hall?
He asked me
what my favorite animal was.
That's kind of weird.
An unusual gemstone
was discovered today
at a department store
construction site.
Eyewitnesses at the site
report that construction
machinery seemed to malfunction
whenever it came within
close contact
of this strange jewel.
The stone does appear
to be radiating
an invisible,
highly charged energy.
Some of you watching at home
may be experiencing some static.
This is a direct result
of the gem's magnetic power.
Huh?
This is an artist's rendering.
Chao, chao!
We've gotta tell Sonic!
Hurry!
Pretty good nap.
I needed that.
Sonic, you won't believe it!
What's up?
They found one!
Authorities are conducting
a thorough investigation
of the surrounding area
to determine the possible source
of the gem.
SSTV will continue to keep
you posted with further updates.
This is Scarlet Garcia
reporting live from the site
for SSTV news.
[Laughs evilly]
Well, what do you know?
A Chaos Emerald
right under my nose.
- Doctor?
- Yes, Decoe.
Your cards.
Let's see.
Which one?
Hmm.
I can't choose.
Beakon!
Ah, ha ha!
Enemy aircraft spotted.
MAN:
Roger.
Once I get my hands
on that Chaos Emerald,
I'll create
an even more powerful robot.
And getting rid of that pesky
blue hedgehog will be a breeze.
Ah, ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Be careful.
Don't get hurt, Tails.
Don't worry, Cream.
We'll be okay.
I hope Sonic knows
where he's going.
If he gets lost, we won't know
where to look for him.
Don't worry about Sonic.
If anyone can find
the Chaos Emerald, he can.
Good luck, and be sure
to keep your eyes out for Sonic.
I certainly hope
they can find that emerald.
The place is around here
somewhere.
Bet I could see it easier
with a bird's-eye view.
I'll just chill out up here
and wait for Tails and Amy.
Hmm?
Well, I do believe
someone is following me.
Heh, heh, heh, heh, heh, heh!
This could be fun.
What do you say, Beakon?
Let's sink the finks!
How do you like them apples?
You foolish fly-boys thought
you could pull one over
on the good doctor, didn't you?
Well, I guess the bad doctor
proved you wrong.
Questions, anyone?
All right, now you try it.
Huh?
What are you looking at, Chris?
Excuse me, Mr. Stewart.
I'll be right back.
I gotta do something.
Chris!
Keep working, class.
I need to step away
for a moment.
Study quietly on your own.
BOTH:
Oh!
I've just gotta find
that emerald.
Just got to!
It's about time.
You'd think they could fly
that thing a little faster.
Hey, Sonic, it's over there!
Chaos Emerald, here I come!
Wow, pretty freaky, huh?
Yeah, you said it.
First that weird hedgehog
comes out of nowhere,
now this magnetic emerald.
Hey.
Huh?
What's the matter?
Look, up there!
What's that?
Whoa!
Hey, it looks like
that Dr. Eggman guy!
[Laughs evilly]
What's going on here?
Hmm?
Dr. Egghead thinks he can nab
that Chaos Emerald before me.
We're closing in.
It's that blasted hedgehog!
Change of plans.
We'll come back for
our little treasure later on.
First we'll get rid
of that meddling Sonic.
Ow!
[Laughs evilly]
Whoa!
Ow!
Ooh, oh!
Ooh!
Ooh.
Oh, oh!
Oh! Oh! Oh!
Quick, Amy!
Look!
Sonic, the ring!
I'll throw it to you!
Whoa!
Catch!
Not good.
Oh, no, we're too far away!
Hey, what if we try
to get closer?
I won't be easy, but I can try.
All right, let's do it!
[Laughs evilly]
Now that our speedy friend
is out of the way,
let's get back to our
original plan, shall we?
[Laughs evilly]
Huh!
Give that back to me!
I can't believe it.
I found the Chaos Emerald.
Hmm, hmm, hmm, hmm.
Huh?
Hey, that's mine!
Sorry.
Not anymore.
Besides, my dear boy,
you'd hardly know what to do
with such a thing.
[Laughs evilly]
But I found it first!
Bug off, kid.
- But it's mine!
- Unhand me, you pip-squeak!
Give me that!
Aah!
Hey!
Oh!
Knock it off!
Hey!
Whoa!
Sonic!
CHRIS:
Whoa! Help!
Somebody help!
It's Chris!
We're coming, Chris!
Chris, hold on!
[Laughs evilly]
Hmm?
Ha ha ha!
Aah!
I won't let go!
Give me back that emerald!
Ahh! Ahh!
You grubby little beast!
Let go of my moustache!
Aah!
That caterwauling brat
certainly was a handful.
Aah!
My emerald!
Huh?
I'll save him.
Aah!
Huh?
It's good to know someone else
is looking out for the kid.
Speaking of looking out
for kids,
I'd better get back to school.
Now that we have one,
we just need six more!
That's right, Cream.
I'm not certain
we should keep it here.
It might have an effect
on my equipment.
No problem.
If anything goes wrong
with them,
I'll fix them for ya.
All right, it's a deal.
Okay, Grandpa!
Sonic.
I'm sorry.
What are you sorry for?
Well, for losing...
Got it back, didn't ya?
That's all that matters.
I think you did a great job.
I did?
You sure did, Chris.
Just be a little more careful
next time, huh?
Thanks.
Hmm.
[Both giggling]
[Giggles]